So, you wanna lucid dream. But where do you start?

The most important thing which almost every beginner misses is Dream Journalling.
Dream Journalling is a very important thing to do as it massively impacts your chances of Lucid Dreaming.

But.. how do you do it?

The first thing you'll need to do is decide where your Dream Journal will be. One option is to simply write it on paper, but make sure it is either in a diary or somewhere you wont lose
the paper as you should also be re-reading the dreams you previously had.
Another option is to do it on the notes app or any other kind of online noting app. Either one is fine.

Now that I know where to put it, what should I put in it?

If you wake up in the night and you are putting details into your journal, make sure to ONLY put SHORT explanations in the journal and make them longer and more detailed when you wake up
in the morning.
The main thing is to always put the most details you can. For example, think of how you felt, what you saw, what you heard, all your senses. If there was anything in the dream that was 
weird compared to real life. Spend MINIMUM 20 minutes everyday on your journal and add anything you remember over the day.

There's a problem. No matter how hard you try, you simply can't remember any dreams no matter what, even while you're journalling. This is where intentions come in. Intentions are set before
you go to sleep and through the day to make sure you remember to remember dreams. This is also used for things like WBTB but we aren't at that stage yet.

Before you go to bed, every night, think to yourself the following: "I will remember to remember my dreams in the morning."
Keep this in your mind while you fall asleep. When you wake up, try your hardest to remember any dreams you had in as much detail as possible. Always make sure to not get frusterated if you
can't remember anything.

DesignerJury (Omnilucid) - "Now, you might be wondering what you’re supposed to write down, when you happen to not remember any dreams. Here’s the answer:
If you don't remember any dreams, write down things like what time you went to bed, when you approximately fell asleep, when you woke up, whether or not you remember waking up throughout the 
night (and if so, when), feelings that might come to mind when you think about that night, what you did before going to sleep, and whatever else you associate with the night, sleep, and 
dreams.
I'd then suggest ending with something like "sadly don't remember any dreams, but I will tomorrow".
Additionally, set the intention to remember at least one dream before going to sleep.
And if you don't, don't get frustrated. Recall can fluctuate and it might take a while to remember one dream or even more every day. That's perfectly fine.
Basically, the journal is more about shifting you focus towards your dreams and wanting to remember them to then increase your recall, rather than creating a library filled with your 
dreams."

For more help, follow this detailed guide on recall made by DesignerJury, a very knowledgable Lucid Dreamer with 20+ years of experience: https://www.reddit.com/r/LucidDreaming/comments/1iep6ak/detailed_guide_on_dream_recall/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button&rdt=36383

-
-
-
PLEASE STAY ON THIS PART UNTIL YOU GET MINIMUM ONE VIVID DREAM EVERYDAY IN YOUR JOURNAL. IT IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO GET ATLEAST THREE VIVID DREAMS EVERYDAY BEFORE PROCEEDING BUT ONE IS
THE ABSOLUTE LIMIT.
