So, you've mastered Dream Journalling and Dream Recall. Although your recalls good, NEVER stop journalling.

But.. what do I practice now?
Well, WBTB is a thing we use which stands for Wake Back to Bed. This greatly improves your chances by Lucid Dreaming but remember, NONE OF THIS IS EASY!
Lucid Dreaming is a earned skill.

Main rule of WBTB. NEVER EVER GET AN ALARM!
Natural WBTB is the way to go, always.

So, what is natural WBTB?
Everybody in the world wakes up many times every single night but we don't remember or notice it. Natural WBTB is the practice of noticing when that happens and to take advantage of it. 
WBTB can be done by setting an intention beforegoing to sleep. This intention can be you saying or thinking to yourself "I will remember to notice my natural awakening." and making sure 
to have that in your mind as you fall asleep. WBTB is the main thing that everybody recommends and we say that it is mandatory to doing your techniques.

I started practicing my WBTB, and it worked. What do I do while I'm awake?
Do not instantly go back to sleep! As much as your lazy brain wants you to, don't! 
Learn to keep yourself awake after waking up from WBTB and practice this over a couple days until you can do it perfectly. 
If you master WBTB, techniques will be easier for you. 

Do something to pass the time, for example, drink some water, go to the bathroom, don't go on your phone unless you need to -- for example, if you have an online journal, you may go on your 
device ONLY to do your journalling. We recommend to put eyecomfort mode on and set it to around 85%. This is just a thing to minimise interference. 

When journalling, do not write out your full dream. Write down key points and stuff you feel is important in short sentences. When you 
wake up, read the stuff and add any details you can remember. Furthermore, write down any other dreams you can remember.

WBTB is essential for techniques as it allows you to fall asleep faster and gives you more chances of getting a lucid dream.
